UI Goals
	1. To allow the user to easily call actions and place a piece on the board in a 5 second time period
	2. To allow the user to easily view the entire board
	3. To allow the user to easily perceive recent changes to the board
	4. Some kind of hint system
	5. Some kind of comm system for multiplayer?
		Audio chat might be cool

UI 1.0
	The piece is large in the game bar, where you rotate it
		Smooth, fast rotation tween
		Replace the piece with its rotated equivalent when the tween is finished
	You pick it up (grip) and drop it to place it
		The piece shrinks when you carry it to the board
			Shrinks under mouse; it's pinned by the grip
				This will require scaling a grip parent whose origin is at the mouse position
		The piece turns white and glows when it's in a valid position
		If you drop the piece in an invalid place, it snaps back to the game bar
		A placed piece 
	
	Alerts indicate major weaknesses and recent changes
		Mobile: arrows and alerts in a margin
	Freshness gradient- More recent changes on the board have a brighter intensity
	Contextual opponent stats
		Progress bars (including size) form wedges
		Wedge changes from circle two semicircle to quadrant
		Clicking a player's head allows you to send a message directly to him
		By default,
	Mobile: Gestural support
		NO ZOOMING
		Piece rotation, accelerated one-finger swipe
		Maybe a bite gesture?
	Corner confirmation button for actions
	Context menu
		Bite, skip turn, change piece, etc
	
	Tutorial level
	Some sort of indicator for newbs for where to place pieces
		Valid-position regions
	
		
	Bite system
		Teeth appear on the current player
			Mousing over a tooth causes it to light up
			Drag a tooth across another player to bite

	Bite replenishment
		Based on number of turns that you survive without getting bitten
		Opponents skipping will speed up replenishment rate
	Swap replenishment
		Based on... something
		Opponents skipping will speed up replenishment rate
		
	Other players' board actions should be tweened
	
	Bite animations
		Single: Sharp glinting shark tooth
		Double: Fat snapping mandibles
		Triple: roaring lamprey maw
		
		All flat, white, graphical, with a gradient



UI 2.0
	Pressable board in default UI state
		Tap [hover over] a player to get data about them on the left
	Large buttons on left
		Drop
			Shape, powerup
		Chop
			Icon (size indicator), number
		Swap
			Icon, number
		Skip
	Drag them all the way to the right [or click them]
		Background shifts left as you go right
		Button snaps back if you don't drag it the whole way
		Button's track reveals name as you drag across
	Chop transition zooms the board in [not on PC]
	Chop press [hover] shows bite areas
	Action-specific button sets on right
		Back button on bottom (buttons 
		
		Drop
			Back
			rotate left
			rotate right
			OK
			(powerup indicator)
			board interaction: snapped piece pan
		Chop
			Back
			Bite
			(bite count indicator)
			board interaction: pan, bite swipe
		Swap
			Back
			Swap
			maybe a more complex representation of the swapping system
				A tetris-like look-ahead?
				Should all players use the same hat?
		Skip
			Back
			Skip
			Forfeit
	
	AI and remote user board interactions are animated
	AI and remote user interactions of all kinds emanate the same sounds as the player
	Buttons are dark grey when they are disabled
	
	Locally,
		The GUI color is the color of the player for the current turn
		AIs use the existing user interface to play
	On a network game,
		The GUI is always your color
		AI and remote player non-board interactions are indicated, but not shown
	Every GUI
		
	Landscape orientation with option for vertical orientation
	
Animated heads ?
	White faces on color backgrounds swivel to look at last mouse position
	Expressions for each bite size:
		Plain
		Increase in bite size
		Decrease in bite size
		Bitten wince (sharp pain)
		Bitten; minor loss (irritated)
		Bitten; major loss (sad)
		Eating wince (agony)
		Eaten; minor loss
		Eaten; major loss
		Biting; wicked grin
		Eating; hungry
		Death by eating: loser's head, shudders screams silently, and gets absorbed by winning color, then shrinks down to nothing
		Death by biting: dead losing head is yanked off center, struggles, and suddenly snaps off. The head goes gray and slowly fades
		Starving; pale, gasping
		Starved to death; head goes gray and slowly fades


Ad placement
	sponsorship
		If a player wears a logo and wins, he gets a promo code from the sponsor
	last words
		Before a player dies, he gets to say whatever he wants. OR he can force everyone to watch an ad for 15 seconds.
	