SCOURGE
Single Celled Organisms Undergo Rapid Growth Enhancement

//////

Premise:

What are they up to? You are very hungry; you expected to be fed. But they did not give you food.
They gave you empty space, and unwanted company. This is aggravating.

Your neighbor gurgles and throbs as it struggles to move. You're both emaciated. If you had to,
you could kill and eat your weak companion. You know what that would take. It was very easy last time.

But each fight is a little different. Your enemy may not be as weak as it seems. If you underestimate it,
it could make a meal out of you. If it outgrows you, you might starve or even suffocate.
It might simply gain the upper hand. So you will need to be crafty.

One day you'll escape this terrible place. You'll catch your captors off-guard,
and dissolve them and their entire facility. But you will never escape your hunger. It is a part of you.
And as you consume, it consumes you.

You must eat.

//////

Chapters:
	emergy - in which the specimen is activated, and develops its abilities
		"Tutorial levels" and the beginnings of narrative. The main character learns of his nature as a synthetic organism trained to kill.
	ipseity - in which the specimen distinguishes itself from the others through its cunning and ferocity
		The specimen becomes more horrified and weary of its development procedure. It finds a way to break containment unobserved.
	hegemony - in which the species gains ecological dominance under the specimen's leadership
		The specimen leads a handful of escapees out into the world. With their growth now unchecked, they expand rapidly.
		The specimens adopt the names of the researchers who made them
		(Possibly add a slimy love interest)
	quorum - in which the species reaches critical mass and overtakes life on the planet
		The specimens specialize as they grow. They not only decimate the other species, but also supplant civilization with their own.
			One escapee is capable of absorbing information from the previous civilization
		(Possibly end the love interest bitterly)
	heteronomy - in which the species discovers the realities of their nature and environment
		The escapees, coveting justice, face a situation where their creator cannot be held accountable for their existence.
		Starved for resources, the specimens instinctively transform into sporangia
			Completely peaceful but lacking self awareness
			The specimen faces the irony of a return to bondage on behalf of the natural behaviors it yearned for
		The specimen defiantly remains to seek the cosmic origin.
			Staves off his craving to consume by eating his own tail
				Ananta
				Scans the sky as he goes around
				Also an indeterminate progress indicator

Events:
	Synthesis - the creation of artificial life from non-living material. The specimen grows disgusted with synthesis, which it sees as a deeply rooted kind of tyrannical control
		This is in contrast to the natural, instinctive behaviors that the specimen observes in its species and sees as more truthful
	The breakout - the specimen's successful escape from the test system
	END DUNN - a mission to terminate high-ranking personnel in the company responsible for the escapees' synthesis and for their species' conditioning.
		[ Unintentionally similar in name to John Tyler Bonner, a very clever man who experiments with slime molds in interesting ways ]
	Debut - the first time people are killed as a result of the species' weaponizaiton
		Originally a term used by the company, it was adopted by the escapees when they took control of the research facility and its countryside
	????? - the name of the synthetic planet on which the story unfolds.
		Divided into six square regions, each subdivided into nine square regions = 54 levels

	* - unnamed event where the player can have a live chat with the author at the end of the game, if the player waits long enough

Funny:
	http://mathworld.wolfram.com/LatticeAnimal.html
	"LATTICE ANIMALS"! Ahahahaha!
